my stores called championship final I
can't fire them I hired these guys for
three days a week and they just started
showing up every day that was four years
ago Rob Gordon has a successful business
and a dedicated following I used to go
to the Dumbledore to hear you spin you
were unbelievable but when it comes to
dating hi Caroline he's still searching
are you in a rat Rob I'm sorry are you
in around I'm in was a right woman
what's your name now his search may have
ended but his problems just started and
I like you with Laura don't think much
of this Ian guy
[Music]
touchdown pictures presents he looks
like he could grow something John Cusack
Jack Black Lisa Bonet Joan Cusack even
Yara Tim Robbins Lili Taylor and
Catherine zeta-jones based on the
international best-selling novel no
high-fidelity I'm looking for a record
for my daughter I just called to say I
love you do we look like the kind of
store that sells I just called to say
let me go to the mall what's your
problem
do you even know your daughter there's
no way she likes that song
is she in a coma
[Music]